.TH GO2FED 1  2014-10-28
.SH NAME
go2fed-help,
go2fed-scratch-build,
go2fed-build,
go2fed-update,
go2fed-ggi,
go2fed-github2spec,
go2fed-googlecode2spec,
go2fed-review,
go2fed-pull \- tools to automize packaging of golang devel source codes
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgo2fed\fR COMMANDS [\fIARGUMENTS\fR]
.SH DESCPRIPTION
.B go2fed
is a tool providing ...
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
.B go2fed help
.RS 4
Prints help
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed scratch-build
.RS 4
Scratch build all fedora branches
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed build
.RS 4
Build all fedora branches
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed update
.RS 4
Update all fedora branches
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed ggi
.RS 4
Get golang imports
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed github2spec PROJECT REPO COMMIT
.RS 4
Generate spec file from github.com
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed googlecode2spec REPO REVISION
.RS 4
Generate spec file from code.google.com
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed review SPEC USER
.RS 4
Creates review request for Bugzilla.
.B SPEC
is a name of a spec file (with .spec extension)
First it builds the spec file.
Then scratch builds the resulting srpm in koji.
After successfull build,
the srpm and spec file are uploaded to USER's fedora acount under public_html/reviews/spec_without_extension folder.
If the folder does not exist, it is created.
If all steps are succesfull, Preview Summary and Preview Description are printed to stdout.
Followed by a link to Review Request template.
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed pull
.RS 4
Pull from branches.
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed inspect
.RS 4
Inspect decompressed tarball/directory for test files, list indirect/direct directories.
.RE
.PP
.B go2fed scaninfo
.RS 4
Analyze information from scan of all golang packages listed in golang.packages file
.RE

